+++
title = "A computational model of spatial memory anticipation during visual search"
date = 2006-01-01
draft = false

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Jérémy Fix", "Julien Vitay", "Nicolas P. Rougier"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["6"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In Anticipatory Behavior in Adaptive Learning Systems : From Brains to Individual and Social Behavior, M.V. Butz, O. Sigaud, G. Baldassarre and G. Pezzulo (Eds), Springer-Verlag LNAI 4520, p170-188"
publication_short = ""

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Some visual search tasks require to memorize the location of stimuli that have been previously scanned. Considerations about the eye movements raise the question of how we are able to maintain a coherent memory, despite the frequent drastically changes in the perception. In this article, we present a computational model that is able to anticipate the consequences of the eye movements on the visual perception in order to update a spatial memory."
abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
featured = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "pdf/Fix2006.pdf"
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does this page contain LaTeX math? (true/false)
math = false

# Does this page require source code highlighting? (true/false)
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++
